---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "taikun_alerting_profile Data Source - terraform-provider-taikun"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieve an alerting profile by its ID.
---

# taikun_alerting_profile (Data Source)

Retrieve an alerting profile by its ID.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "taikun_alerting_profile" "foo" {
  id = "42"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **id** (String) The alerting profile's ID.

### Read-Only

- **created_by** (String) The creator of the alerting profile.
- **emails** (List of String) The list of emails to notify.
- **integration** (List of Object) List of alerting integrations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--integration))
- **is_locked** (Boolean) Whether the profile is locked or not.
- **last_modified** (String) The time and date of last modification.
- **last_modified_by** (String) The last user to have modified the profile.
- **name** (String) The alerting profile's name.
- **organization_id** (String) The ID of the organization which owns the profile.
- **organization_name** (String) The name of the organization which owns the profile.
- **reminder** (String) The frequency of notifications (HalfHour, Hourly, Daily or None).
- **slack_configuration_id** (String) The ID of the Slack configuration to notify.
- **slack_configuration_name** (String) The name of the Slack configuration to notify.
- **webhook** (Set of Object) The list of webhooks to notify. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--webhook))

<a id="nestedatt--integration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `integration`

Read-Only:

- **token** (String)
- **type** (String)
- **url** (String)


<a id="nestedatt--webhook"></a>
### Nested Schema for `webhook`

Read-Only:

- **header** (Set of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--webhook--header))
- **url** (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--webhook--header"></a>
### Nested Schema for `webhook.header`

Read-Only:

- **key** (String)
- **value** (String)


