---
page_title: "taikun_cloud_credential_openstack Data Source - terraform-provider-taikun"
subcategory: ""
description: |-   Get an OpenStack cloud credential by its ID.
---

# taikun_cloud_credential_openstack (Data Source)

Get an OpenStack cloud credential by its ID.

~> **Role Requirement** To use the `taikun_cloud_credential_openstack` data source, you need a Manager or Partner account.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "taikun_cloud_credential_openstack" "foo" {
  id = "42"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The ID of the OpenStack cloud credential.

### Read-Only

- `availability_zone` (String) The OpenStack availability zone.
- `continent` (String) The OpenStack continent (`Asia`, `Europe` or `America`).
- `created_by` (String) The creator of the OpenStack cloud credential.
- `domain` (String) The OpenStack domain. (Can be set with env OS_USER_DOMAIN_NAME)
- `imported_network_subnet_id` (String) The OpenStack network subnet ID to import a network.
- `is_default` (Boolean) Indicates whether the OpenStack cloud credential is the default one.
- `last_modified` (String) Time and date of last modification.
- `last_modified_by` (String) The last user to have modified the OpenStack cloud credential.
- `lock` (Boolean) Indicates whether to lock the OpenStack cloud credential.
- `name` (String) The name of the OpenStack cloud credential.
- `organization_id` (String) The ID of the organization which owns the OpenStack cloud credential.
- `organization_name` (String) The name of the organization which owns the OpenStack cloud credential.
- `project_id` (String) The OpenStack project ID.
- `project_name` (String) The OpenStack project name. (Can be set with env OS_PROJECT_NAME)
- `public_network_name` (String) The name of the public OpenStack network to use. (Can be set with env OS_INTERFACE)
- `region` (String) The OpenStack region. (Can be set with env OS_REGION_NAME)
- `user` (String) The OpenStack user. (Can be set with env OS_USERNAME)
- `volume_type_name` (String) The OpenStack type of volume.


