---
page_title: "taikun_cloud_credential_zadara Data Source - terraform-provider-taikun"
subcategory: ""
description: |-   Get an AWS cloud credential by its ID.
---

# taikun_cloud_credential_zadara (Data Source)

Get an AWS cloud credential by its ID.

~> **Role Requirement** To use the `taikun_cloud_credential_zadara` data source, you need a Manager or Partner account.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "taikun_cloud_credential_zadara" "foo" {
  id = "42"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The ID of the Zadara cloud credential.

### Read-Only

- `availability_zones` (List of String) The given Zadara availability zones for the region.
- `az_count` (Number) The number of Zadara availability zone expected for the region. (Can be set with env ZADARA_AZ_COUNT)
- `created_by` (String) The creator of the Zadara cloud credential.
- `is_default` (Boolean) Indicates whether the Zadara cloud credential is the default one.
- `last_modified` (String) Time and date of last modification.
- `last_modified_by` (String) The last user to have modified the Zadara cloud credential.
- `lock` (Boolean) Indicates whether to lock the Zadara cloud credential.
- `name` (String) The name of the Zadara cloud credential.
- `organization_id` (String) The ID of the organization which owns the Zadara cloud credential.
- `organization_name` (String) The name of the organization which owns the Zadara cloud credential.
- `region` (String) The Zadara region. (Can be set with env ZADARA_DEFAULT_REGION)
- `url` (String) The Zadara authentication URL. (Can be set with env ZADARA_AUTH_URL)
- `volume_type` (String) The volume type for Zadara. (Can be set with env ZADARA_VOLUME_TYPE)


