---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "taikun_cloud_credential_proxmox Data Source - terraform-provider-taikun"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Get an Proxmox cloud credential by its ID.
---

# taikun_cloud_credential_proxmox (Data Source)

Get an Proxmox cloud credential by its ID.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The ID of the Proxmox cloud credential.

### Read-Only

- `api_host` (String) The Proxmox authentication URL. (Can be set with env PROXMOX_API_HOST)
- `client_id` (String) The Proxmox Client ID. (Can be set with env PROXMOX_CLIENT_ID)
- `continent` (String) The OpenStack continent (e.g., `Africa`, `Asia`, `Europe`, `North America`, `Oceania`, or `South America`).
- `created_by` (String) The creator of the Proxmox cloud credential.
- `hypervisors` (List of String) The Proxmox hypervisors string array.
- `is_default` (Boolean) Indicates whether the Proxmox cloud credential is the default one.
- `last_modified` (String) Time and date of last modification.
- `last_modified_by` (String) The last user to have modified the Proxmox cloud credential.
- `lock` (Boolean) Indicates whether to lock the Proxmox cloud credential.
- `name` (String) The name of the Proxmox cloud credential.
- `organization_id` (String) The ID of the organization which owns the Proxmox cloud credential.
- `organization_name` (String) The name of the organization which owns the Proxmox cloud credential.
- `private_begin_allocation_range` (String) Start of allocation range from private network, must be inside defined network. (Can be set with env PROXMOX_PRIVATE_BEGIN_RANGE)
- `private_bridge` (String) Bridge interace name for private network. (Can be set with env PROXMOX_PRIVATE_BRIDGE)
- `private_end_allocation_range` (String) End of allocation range from private network, must be inside defined network. (Can be set with env PROXMOX_PRIVATE_END_RANGE)
- `private_gateway` (String) Private network gateway IP, must be inside defined network. (Can be set with env PROXMOX_PRIVATE_GATEWAY)
- `private_ip_address` (String) Private network address IP. (Can be set with env PROXMOX_PRIVATE_NETWORK)
- `private_net_mask` (Number) Private network mask in number format - CIDR after /. (Can be set with env PROXMOX_PRIVATE_NETMASK)
- `public_begin_allocation_range` (String) Start of allocation range from public network, must be inside defined network. (Can be set with env PROXMOX_PUBLIC_BEGIN_RANGE)
- `public_bridge` (String) Bridge interace name for private network. (Can be set with env PROXMOX_PUBLIC_BRIDGE)
- `public_end_allocation_range` (String) End of allocation range from public network, must be inside defined network. (Can be set with env PROXMOX_PUBLIC_END_RANGE)
- `public_gateway` (String) Public network gateway IP, must be inside defined network. (Can be set with env PROXMOX_PUBLIC_GATEWAY)
- `public_ip_address` (String) Public network address IP. (Can be set with env PROXMOX_PUBLIC_NETWORK)
- `public_net_mask` (Number) Public network mask in number format - CIDR after /. (Can be set with env PROXMOX_PUBLIC_NETMASK)
- `storage` (String) The Proxmox storage option. (Can be set with env PROXMOX_STORAGE)
- `vm_template_name` (String) The Proxmox VM template name. (Can be set with env PROXMOX_VM_TEMPLATE_NAME)
