---
page_title: "taikun_kubernetes_profile Data Source - terraform-provider-taikun"
subcategory: ""
description: |-   Get a Kubernetes profile by its ID.
---

# taikun_kubernetes_profile (Data Source)

Get a Kubernetes profile by its ID.

~> **Role Requirement** To use the `taikun_kubernetes_profile` data source, you need a Manager or Partner account.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "taikun_kubernetes_profile" "foo" {
  id = "42"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The ID of the Kubernetes profile.

### Read-Only

- `bastion_proxy` (Boolean) Whether to expose the Service on each Node's IP at a static port, the NodePort. You'll be able to contact the NodePort Service, from outside the cluster, by requesting `<NodeIP>:<NodePort>`.
- `cni` (String) Container Network Interface (CNI) of the Kubernetes profile.
- `created_by` (String) The creator of the Kubernetes profile.
- `last_modified` (String) Time and date of last modification.
- `last_modified_by` (String) The last user to have modified the Kubernetes profile.
- `load_balancing_solution` (String) The load-balancing solution: `None`, `Octavia` or `Taikun`. `Octavia` and `Taikun` are only available for OpenStack cloud.
- `lock` (Boolean) Indicates whether to lock the Kubernetes profile.
- `name` (String) The name of the Kubernetes profile.
- `nvidia_gpu_operator` (Boolean) When enabled, the Kubernetes will have NVIDIA GPU support.
- `organization_id` (String) The ID of the organization which owns the Kubernetes profile.
- `organization_name` (String) The name of the organization which owns the Kubernetes profile.
- `proxmox_storage` (String) Choose the default Proxmox storage.
- `schedule_on_master` (Boolean) When enabled, the workload will also run on master nodes (not recommended).
- `unique_cluster_name` (Boolean) If not enabled, the cluster name will be cluster.local.
- `wasm` (Boolean) When enabled, the Kubernetes will have WASM support.


