---
page_title: "taikun_opa_profile Data Source - terraform-provider-taikun"
subcategory: ""
description: |-   Get an OPA profile by its ID.
---

# taikun_opa_profile (Data Source)

Get an OPA profile by its ID.

~> **Role Requirement** In order to use the `taikun_opa_profile` data source you need a `Manager` or `Partner` account.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "taikun_opa_profile" "foo" {
  id = "42"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **id** (String) The ID of the OPA profile.

### Read-Only

- **allowed_repos** (List of String) Requires container images to begin with a string from the specified list.
- **forbid_http_ingress** (Boolean) Requires Ingress resources to be HTTPS only.
- **forbid_node_port** (Boolean) Disallows all Services with type NodePort.
- **forbidden_tags** (List of String) Container images must have an image tag different from the ones in the list.
- **ingress_whitelist** (List of String) List of allowed Ingress rule hosts.
- **is_default** (Boolean) Indicates whether the OPA Profile is the default one.
- **lock** (Boolean) Indicates whether to lock the OPA profile.
- **name** (String) The name of the OPA profile.
- **organization_id** (String) The ID of the organization which owns the OPA profile.
- **organization_name** (String) The name of the organization which owns the OPA profile.
- **require_probe** (Boolean) Requires Pods to have readiness and liveness probes.
- **unique_ingress** (Boolean) Requires all Ingress rule hosts to be unique.
- **unique_service_selector** (Boolean) Whether services must have globally unique service selectors or not.


