---
page_title: "taikun_policy_profile Data Source - terraform-provider-taikun"
subcategory: ""
description: |-   Get a Policy profile by its ID.
---

# taikun_policy_profile (Data Source)

Get a Policy profile by its ID.

~> **Role Requirement** In order to use the `taikun_policy_profile` data source you need a `Manager` or `Partner` account.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "taikun_policy_profile" "foo" {
  id = "42"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The ID of the Policy profile.

### Read-Only

- `allowed_repos` (Set of String) Requires container images to begin with a string from the specified list.
- `forbid_http_ingress` (Boolean) Requires Ingress resources to be HTTPS only.
- `forbid_node_port` (Boolean) Disallows all Services with type NodePort.
- `forbidden_tags` (Set of String) Container images must have an image tag different from the ones in the list.
- `ingress_whitelist` (Set of String) List of allowed Ingress rule hosts.
- `is_default` (Boolean) Indicates whether the Policy Profile is the default one.
- `lock` (Boolean) Indicates whether to lock the Policy profile.
- `name` (String) The name of the Policy profile.
- `organization_id` (String) The ID of the organization which owns the Policy profile.
- `organization_name` (String) The name of the organization which owns the Policy profile.
- `require_probe` (Boolean) Requires Pods to have readiness and liveness probes.
- `unique_ingress` (Boolean) Requires all Ingress rule hosts to be unique.
- `unique_service_selector` (Boolean) Whether services must have globally unique service selectors or not.


