---
page_title: "taikun_showback_rule Data Source - terraform-provider-taikun"
subcategory: ""
description: |-   Get a showback rule by its ID.
---

# taikun_showback_rule (Data Source)

Get a showback rule by its ID.

~> **Role Requirement** To use the `taikun_showback_rule` data source, you need a Manager or Partner account.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "taikun_showback_rule" "foo" {
  id = "42"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The ID of the showback rule.

### Read-Only

- `created_by` (String) The creator of the showback rule.
- `global_alert_limit` (Number) Set limit of alerts for all projects.
- `kind` (String) The kind of showback rule: `General` (data source is Taikun) or `External` (data source is external, see `showback_credential_id`).
- `label` (Set of Object) Labels linked to this showback rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--label))
- `last_modified` (String) Time of last modification.
- `last_modified_by` (String) The last user who modified the showback rule.
- `metric_name` (String) The metric name.
- `name` (String) The name of the showback rule.
- `organization_id` (String) The ID of the organization which owns the showback rule.
- `organization_name` (String) The name of the organization which owns the showback rule.
- `price` (Number) Billing in CZK per selected unit.
- `project_alert_limit` (Number) Set limit of alerts for one project.
- `showback_credential_id` (String) ID of the showback credential.
- `showback_credential_name` (String) Name of the showback credential.
- `type` (String) The type of showback rule: `Count` (calculate package as unit) or `Sum` (calculate per quantity).

<a id="nestedatt--label"></a>
### Nested Schema for `label`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)


