---
page_title: "Taikun Provider"
description: |- The Taikun provider provides resources to interact with the Taikun API.
---

# Taikun Provider

With the Taikun provider, you can use Terraform to manage resources in [Taikun](https://taikun.cloud).

Use the navigation to the left to learn about the available resources and data sources.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "taikun" {
  email    = "user@itera.io"
  password = "userpassword"
}
```

Take a look at the **quickstart templates** available in the [quickstart examples](https://github.com/itera-io/terraform-provider-taikun/tree/dev/examples/quickstart-templates) folder.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `access_key` (String) Taikun access key. Can be set with TAIKUN_ACCESS_KEY. Conflicts with: `email`, `keycloak_email`. Required with: `secret_key`.
- `api_host` (String) Custom Taikun API host. Can be set with TAIKUN_API_HOST.
- `email` (String) Taikun email. Can be set with TAIKUN_EMAIL Conflicts with: `keycloak_email`, `access_key`. Required with: `password`.
- `keycloak_email` (String) Taikun Keycloak email. Can be set with TAIKUN_KEYCLOAK_EMAIL. Conflicts with: `email`, `access_key`. Required with: `keycloak_password`.
- `keycloak_password` (String, Sensitive) Taikun Keycloak password. Can be set with TAIKUN_KEYCLOAK_PASSWORD. Conflicts with: `email`, `access_key`. Required with: `keycloak_email`.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Taikun password. Can be set with TAIKUN_PASSWORD. Conflicts with: `keycloak_password`, `access_key`. Required with: `email`.
- `secret_key` (String, Sensitive) Taikun secret key. Can be set with TAIKUN_SECRET_KEY. Conflicts with: `email`, `keycloak_email`. Required with: `access_key`.
