---
page_title: "taikun_access_profile Resource - terraform-provider-taikun"
subcategory: ""
description: |-   Taikun Access Profile
---

# taikun_access_profile (Resource)

Taikun Access Profile

~> **Role Requirement** To use the `taikun_access_profile` resource, you need a Manager or Partner account.

-> **Organization ID** `organization_id` can be specified for the Partner role, it otherwise defaults to the user's organization.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "taikun_access_profile" "foo" {
  name = "foo"

  organization_id = "42"
  lock            = true
  http_proxy      = "proxy_url"

  ssh_user {
    name       = "oui oui"
    public_key = "ssh-ed25519 AAAAC3NzaC1lZDI1NTE5AAAAIGQwGpzLk0IzqKnBpaHqecLA+X4zfHamNe9Rg3CoaXHF :oui_oui:"
  }

  ntp_server {
    address = "time.windows.com"
  }

  dns_server {
    address = "8.8.8.8"
  }

  dns_server {
    address = "8.8.4.4"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the access profile.

### Optional

- `dns_server` (Block List, Max: 2) List of DNS servers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--dns_server))
- `http_proxy` (String) HTTP proxy of the access profile.
- `lock` (Boolean) Indicates whether to lock the access profile. Defaults to `false`.
- `ntp_server` (Block List, Max: 2) List of NTP servers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--ntp_server))
- `organization_id` (String) The ID of the organization which owns the access profile.
- `ssh_user` (Block List) List of SSH users. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--ssh_user))

### Read-Only

- `created_by` (String) The creator of the access profile.
- `id` (String) The ID of the access profile.
- `last_modified` (String) The time and date of last modification.
- `last_modified_by` (String) The last user to have modified the profile.
- `organization_name` (String) The name of the organization which owns the access profile.

<a id="nestedblock--dns_server"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dns_server`

Required:

- `address` (String) Address of the DNS server.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) ID of the DNS server.


<a id="nestedblock--ntp_server"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ntp_server`

Required:

- `address` (String) Address of the NTP server.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) ID of the NTP server.


<a id="nestedblock--ssh_user"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ssh_user`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the SSH user.
- `public_key` (String) Public key of the SSH user.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) ID of the SSH user.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import taikun_access_profile.myaccessprofile 42
```
