---
page_title: "taikun_app_instance Resource - terraform-provider-taikun"
subcategory: ""
description: |-   Taikun Application Instance Configuration.
---

# taikun_app_instance (Resource)

Taikun Application Instance Configuration.

~> **Role Requirement** To use the `taikun_app_instance` resource, you need a Manager or Partner account.

-> **Organization ID** `organization_id` cannot be specified. It defaults to the user's organization.

## Persistent volume claims are left in cluster
To preserve user data, we don't destroy the PVCs created by applications. This is expected behavior.
If you create and destroy an app with Terraform with the same configuration, the app can fail because of binding to the old PVC.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "taikun_catalog" "foo" {
  name        = "new-catalog"
  description = "Created by Terraform"
  projects    = ["37415"]

  application {
    name       = "wordpress"
    repository = "taikun-managed-apps"
  }
}

resource "taikun_app_instance" "foo" {
  name           = "wordpress01"
  namespace      = "wordpress01-ns"
  project_id     = "37415"
  catalog_app_id = local.app_id
}


locals {
  app_id = [for app in tolist(taikun_catalog.foo.application) : app.id if app.name == "wordpress" && app.repository == "taikun-managed-apps"][0]
}
```

Take a look at the **quickstart template** that deploys a new k8s cluster, a catalog and an app instance - available in the [quickstart examples](https://github.com/itera-io/terraform-provider-taikun/tree/dev/examples/quickstart-templates) folder.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `catalog_app_id` (String) The ID of the catalog app from which we deploy the application.
- `name` (String) The name of the application instance.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace where the application will be deployed.
- `project_id` (String) The ID of the project where the application should be deployed.

### Optional

- `autosync` (Boolean) Indicates whether enable or disable autosyc. Defaults to `false`.
- `parameters_base64` (String) A base64 encoded file containing parameters for the application. Conflicts with: `parameters_yaml`.
- `parameters_yaml` (String) A path to a valid yaml file that includes the parameters for the application. Conflicts with: `parameters_base64`.
- `status` (String) Do not set. Used for tracking application instance failures. Defaults to ` `.
- `timeout` (Number) The timeout in minutes for the application installation. Defaults to `10`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the application instance.
