---
page_title: "taikun_billing_credential Resource - terraform-provider-taikun"
subcategory: ""
description: |-   Taikun Billing Credential
---

# taikun_billing_credential (Resource)

Taikun Billing Credential

~> **Role Requirement** In order to use the `taikun_billing_credential` resource you need at least a `Partner` account

-> **Organization ID** `organization_id` can be specified for Partner and Admin roles, otherwise defaults to the user's
organization.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "taikun_billing_credential" "foo" {
  # Required
  name                = "foo"
  prometheus_password = "password"
  prometheus_url      = "url"
  prometheus_username = "username"

  # Optional
  organization_id = "42" # Optional for Partner and Admin
  is_locked       = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **name** (String) The name of the billing credential.
- **prometheus_password** (String, Sensitive) The prometheus password.
- **prometheus_url** (String) The prometheus url.
- **prometheus_username** (String) The prometheus username.

### Optional

- **is_locked** (Boolean) Indicates whether the billing credential is locked or not. Defaults to `false`.
- **organization_id** (String) The id of the organization which owns the billing credential.

### Read-Only

- **created_by** (String) The creator of the billing credential.
- **id** (String) The id of the billing credential.
- **is_default** (Boolean) Indicates whether the billing credential is the organization's default or not.
- **last_modified** (String) Time of last modification.
- **last_modified_by** (String) The last user who modified the billing credential.
- **organization_name** (String) The name of the organization which owns the billing credential.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# import with Taikun ID
terraform import taikun_billing_credential.mycredential 42
```
