---
page_title: "taikun_catalog Resource - terraform-provider-taikun"
subcategory: ""
description: |-   Catalog for Taikun Applications Configuration.
---

# taikun_catalog (Resource)

Catalog for Taikun Applications Configuration.

~> **Role Requirement** To use the `taikun_catalog` resource, you need a Manager or Partner account.

-> **Organization ID** `organization_id` cannot be specified. It defaults to the user's organization.

-> **Default catalog** At one point, there can be only one default catalog. If you specify more default catalogs, then the last default catalog specified will become default.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "taikun_catalog" "foo" {
  name        = "new-catalog"
  description = "Created by Terraform"
  projects    = ["37415"]

  application {
    name       = "wordpress"
    repository = "taikun-managed-apps"
  }
}
```

Take a look at the **quickstart template** that deploys a new k8s cluster, a catalog and an app instance - available in the [quickstart examples](https://github.com/itera-io/terraform-provider-taikun/tree/dev/examples/quickstart-templates) folder.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `description` (String) The description of the catalog.
- `name` (String) The name of the catalog.

### Optional

- `application` (Block Set) Bound Applications. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--application))
- `default` (Boolean) Indicates whether the catalog is the default catalog. Defaults to `false`.
- `lock` (Boolean) Indicates whether to lock the catalog. Defaults to `false`.
- `organization_id` (String) The ID of the organization which owns the catalog.
- `projects` (Set of String, Deprecated) DEPRECATED: List of projects bound to the catalog. Please use the resource taikun_catalog_project_binding to bind projects to the catalog.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the catalog.

<a id="nestedblock--application"></a>
### Nested Schema for `application`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the application.
- `repository` (String) The name of the repository.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The ID of the application.
