---
page_title: "taikun_cloud_credential_openstack Resource - terraform-provider-taikun"
subcategory: ""
description: |-   Taikun OpenStack Cloud Credential
---

# taikun_cloud_credential_openstack (Resource)

Taikun OpenStack Cloud Credential

~> **Role Requirement** In order to use the `taikun_cloud_credential_openstack` resource you need at least a `Manager`
account

!> **Import Network** If you choose to import network, DNS in profile created in Access Profiles will be IGNORED.

~> **Import Network** If you choose to import network, a router between the public network and the internal network must
already exist. There should be internal access on the internal network, either from the router or directly.

-> **Organization ID** `organization_id` can be specified for Partner and Admin roles, otherwise defaults to the user's
organization.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "taikun_cloud_credential_openstack" "foo" {
  # Required
  name = "foo"

  user     = "user"
  password = "password"
  url      = "url"
  domain   = "domain"

  project_name        = "project_name"
  public_network_name = "public_network_name"
  region              = "region"

  # Optional
  availability_zone          = "availability_zone"
  volume_type_name           = "volume_type_name"
  imported_network_subnet_id = "imported_network_subnet_id"

  organization_id = "42"
  is_locked       = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **name** (String) The name of the OpenStack cloud credential.

### Optional

- **availability_zone** (String) The OpenStack availability zone.
- **domain** (String) The OpenStack domain.
- **imported_network_subnet_id** (String) The OpenStack subnet id in case you want to import network.
- **is_locked** (Boolean) Indicates whether the OpenStack cloud credential is locked or not. Defaults to `false`.
- **organization_id** (String) The id of the organization which owns the OpenStack cloud credential.
- **password** (String, Sensitive) The OpenStack password.
- **project_name** (String) The OpenStack project name.
- **public_network_name** (String) The name of the public OpenStack network which will be used.
- **region** (String) The OpenStack region.
- **url** (String) The OpenStack authentication url.
- **user** (String) The OpenStack user.
- **volume_type_name** (String) The OpenStack type of volume.

### Read-Only

- **created_by** (String) The creator of the OpenStack cloud credential.
- **id** (String) The id of the OpenStack cloud credential.
- **is_default** (Boolean) Indicates whether the OpenStack cloud credential is the default one.
- **last_modified** (String) Time of last modification.
- **last_modified_by** (String) The last user who modified the OpenStack cloud credential.
- **organization_name** (String) The name of the organization which owns the OpenStack cloud credential.
- **project_id** (String) The OpenStack project id.
