---
page_title: "taikun_cloud_credential_vsphere Resource - terraform-provider-taikun"
subcategory: ""
description: |-   Taikun vSphere Cloud Credential
---

# taikun_cloud_credential_vsphere (Resource)

Taikun vSphere Cloud Credential

~> **Role Requirement** To use the `taikun_cloud_credential_vsphere` resource, you need a Manager or Partner account.

-> **Organization ID** `organization_id` can be specified for the Partner role, it otherwise defaults to the user's organization.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "taikun_cloud_credential_vsphere" "foo" {
  name = "foo"

  api_host         = "https://foo.example.com/fooapi/json"
  username         = "foo@bar.example.com"
  password         = "longAND420&#^complicatedPASSWORD"
  hypervisors      = ["foo-vsphere", "foo-vsphere"]
  vm_template_name = "foo-template"

  private_name                   = "Private NW"
  private_ip_address             = "192.168.0.0"
  private_net_mask               = "24"
  private_gateway                = "192.168.0.1"
  private_begin_allocation_range = "192.168.0.10"
  private_end_allocation_range   = "192.168.0.20"

  public_name                   = "Public NW"
  public_ip_address             = "66.55.44.0"
  public_net_mask               = "24"
  public_gateway                = "66.55.44.1"
  public_begin_allocation_range = "66.55.44.33"
  public_end_allocation_range   = "66.55.44.44"

  organization_id = "42"
  lock            = false
  continent       = "Europe"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `api_host` (String) The vSphere authentication URL. (Can be set with env VSPHERE_API_URL)
- `data_store` (String) The chosen vSphere datastore. (Can be set with env VSPHERE_DATA_STORE)
- `datacenter` (String) The chosen vSphere datacenter name. (Can be set with env VSPHERE_DATACENTER)
- `name` (String) The name of the vSphere cloud credential.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The vSphere Client Secret. (Can be set with env VSPHERE_PASSWORD)
- `private_begin_allocation_range` (String) Start of allocation range from private network, must be inside defined network. (Can be set with env VSPHERE_PRIVATE_BEGIN_RANGE)
- `private_end_allocation_range` (String) End of allocation range from private network, must be inside defined network. (Can be set with env VSPHERE_PRIVATE_END_RANGE)
- `private_gateway` (String) Private network gateway IP, must be inside defined network. (Can be set with env VSPHERE_PRIVATE_GATEWAY)
- `private_ip_address` (String) Private network address IP. (Can be set with env VSPHERE_PRIVATE_NETWORK_ADDRESS)
- `private_name` (String) Private network name. (Can be set with env VSPHERE_PRIVATE_NETWORK_NAME)
- `private_net_mask` (Number) Private network mask in number format - CIDR after /. (Can be set with env VSPHERE_PRIVATE_NETMASK)
- `public_begin_allocation_range` (String) Start of allocation range from public network, must be inside defined network. (Can be set with env VSPHERE_PUBLIC_BEGIN_RANGE)
- `public_end_allocation_range` (String) End of allocation range from public network, must be inside defined network. (Can be set with env VSPHERE_PUBLIC_END_RANGE)
- `public_gateway` (String) Public network gateway IP, must be inside defined network. (Can be set with env VSPHERE_PUBLIC_GATEWAY)
- `public_ip_address` (String) Public network address IP. (Can be set with env VSPHERE_PUBLIC_NETWORK_ADDRESS)
- `public_name` (String) Public network name. (Can be set with env VSPHERE_PUBLIC_NETWORK_NAME)
- `public_net_mask` (Number) Public network mask in number format - CIDR after /. (Can be set with env VSPHERE_PUBLIC_NETMASK)
- `resource_pool` (String) The chosen vSphere resource pool. (Can be set with env VSPHERE_RESOURCE_POOL)
- `username` (String) The vSphere Client ID. (Can be set with env VSPHERE_USERNAME)
- `vm_template_name` (String) The vSphere VM template name. (Can be set with env VSPHERE_VM_TEMPLATE)

### Optional

- `continent` (String) The vSphere continent (`Asia`, `Europe` or `America`). Defaults to `Europe`.
- `drs_enabled` (Boolean) Do you wish to enable vSphere Distributed Resource Scheduler? (Can be set with env VSPHERE_DRS_ENABLED)
- `hypervisors` (List of String) The vSphere hypervisors string array.
- `lock` (Boolean) Indicates whether to lock the vSphere cloud credential. Defaults to `false`.
- `organization_id` (String) The ID of the organization which owns the vSphere cloud credential.

### Read-Only

- `created_by` (String) The creator of the vSphere cloud credential.
- `id` (String) The ID of the vSphere cloud credential.
- `is_default` (Boolean) Indicates whether the vSphere cloud credential is the default one.
- `last_modified` (String) Time and date of last modification.
- `last_modified_by` (String) The last user to have modified the vSphere cloud credential.
- `organization_name` (String) The name of the organization which owns the vSphere cloud credential.
