---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "taikun_cloud_credential_zadara Resource - terraform-provider-taikun"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Taikun Zadara Cloud Credential
---

# taikun_cloud_credential_zadara (Resource)

Taikun Zadara Cloud Credential

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "taikun_cloud_credential_zadara" "foo" {
  name = "foo"

  access_key_id     = "access_key_id"
  secret_access_key = "secret_access_key"
  region            = "region"
  volume_type       = "standard"
  url               = "example.com"

  organization_id = "42"
  lock            = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `access_key_id` (String, Sensitive) The Zadara access key ID. (Can be set with env ZADARA_ACCESS_KEY_ID)
- `name` (String) The name of the Zadara cloud credential.
- `region` (String) The Zadara region. (Can be set with env ZADARA_DEFAULT_REGION)
- `secret_access_key` (String, Sensitive) The Zadara secret access key. (Can be set with env ZADARA_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY)
- `url` (String) The Zadara authentication URL. (Can be set with env ZADARA_AUTH_URL)
- `volume_type` (String) The volume type for Zadara. (Can be set with env ZADARA_VOLUME_TYPE)

### Optional

- `az_count` (Number) The number of Zadara availability zone expected for the region. (Can be set with env ZADARA_AZ_COUNT) Defaults to `1`.
- `lock` (Boolean) Indicates whether to lock the Zadara cloud credential. Defaults to `false`.
- `organization_id` (String) The ID of the organization which owns the Zadara cloud credential.

### Read-Only

- `availability_zones` (List of String) The given Zadara availability zones for the region.
- `created_by` (String) The creator of the Zadara cloud credential.
- `id` (String) The ID of the Zadara cloud credential.
- `is_default` (Boolean) Indicates whether the Zadara cloud credential is the default one.
- `last_modified` (String) Time and date of last modification.
- `last_modified_by` (String) The last user to have modified the Zadara cloud credential.
- `organization_name` (String) The name of the organization which owns the Zadara cloud credential.
