---
page_title: "taikun_cloud_credential_proxmox Resource - terraform-provider-taikun"
subcategory: ""
description: |-   Taikun Proxmox Cloud Credential
---

# taikun_cloud_credential_proxmox (Resource)

Taikun Proxmox Cloud Credential

~> **Role Requirement** To use the `taikun_cloud_credential_proxmox` resource, you need a Manager or Partner account.

-> **Organization ID** `organization_id` can be specified for the Partner role, it otherwise defaults to the user's organization.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "taikun_cloud_credential_proxmox" "foo" {
  name = "foo"

  api_host         = "https://foo.example.com/fooapi/json"
  client_id        = "foo@bar.example.com"
  client_secret    = "longAND420&#^complicatedPASSWORD"
  hypervisors      = ["foo-proxmox", "foo-proxmox2"]
  storage          = "lvm-thin"
  vm_template_name = "foo-template"

  private_ip_address             = "192.168.0.0"
  private_net_mask               = "24"
  private_gateway                = "192.168.0.1"
  private_begin_allocation_range = "192.168.0.10"
  private_end_allocation_range   = "192.168.0.20"
  private_bridge                 = "brvm1"

  public_ip_address             = "66.55.44.0"
  public_net_mask               = "24"
  public_gateway                = "66.55.44.1"
  public_begin_allocation_range = "66.55.44.33"
  public_end_allocation_range   = "66.55.44.44"
  public_bridge                 = "brvm2"

  organization_id = "42"
  lock            = false
  continent       = "Europe"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `api_host` (String) The Proxmox authentication URL. (Can be set with env PROXMOX_API_HOST)
- `client_id` (String) The Proxmox Client ID. (Can be set with env PROXMOX_CLIENT_ID)
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) The Proxmox Client Secret. (Can be set with env PROXMOX_CLIENT_SECRET)
- `hypervisors` (List of String) The Proxmox hypervisors string array.
- `name` (String) The name of the Proxmox cloud credential.
- `private_begin_allocation_range` (String) Start of allocation range from private network, must be inside defined network. (Can be set with env PROXMOX_PRIVATE_BEGIN_RANGE)
- `private_bridge` (String) Bridge interace name for private network. (Can be set with env PROXMOX_PRIVATE_BRIDGE)
- `private_end_allocation_range` (String) End of allocation range from private network, must be inside defined network. (Can be set with env PROXMOX_PRIVATE_END_RANGE)
- `private_gateway` (String) Private network gateway IP, must be inside defined network. (Can be set with env PROXMOX_PRIVATE_GATEWAY)
- `private_ip_address` (String) Private network address IP. (Can be set with env PROXMOX_PRIVATE_NETWORK)
- `private_net_mask` (Number) Private network mask in number format - CIDR after /. (Can be set with env PROXMOX_PRIVATE_NETMASK)
- `public_begin_allocation_range` (String) Start of allocation range from public network, must be inside defined network. (Can be set with env PROXMOX_PUBLIC_BEGIN_RANGE)
- `public_bridge` (String) Bridge interace name for private network. (Can be set with env PROXMOX_PUBLIC_BRIDGE)
- `public_end_allocation_range` (String) End of allocation range from public network, must be inside defined network. (Can be set with env PROXMOX_PUBLIC_END_RANGE)
- `public_gateway` (String) Public network gateway IP, must be inside defined network. (Can be set with env PROXMOX_PUBLIC_GATEWAY)
- `public_ip_address` (String) Public network address IP. (Can be set with env PROXMOX_PUBLIC_NETWORK)
- `public_net_mask` (Number) Public network mask in number format - CIDR after /. (Can be set with env PROXMOX_PUBLIC_NETMASK)
- `storage` (String) The Proxmox storage option. (Can be set with env PROXMOX_STORAGE)
- `vm_template_name` (String) The Proxmox VM template name. (Can be set with env PROXMOX_VM_TEMPLATE_NAME)

### Optional

- `continent` (String) The Proxmox continent (e.g., `Africa`, `Asia`, `Europe`, `North America`, `Oceania`, or `South America`). Defaults to `Europe`.
- `lock` (Boolean) Indicates whether to lock the Proxmox cloud credential. Defaults to `false`.
- `organization_id` (String) The ID of the organization which owns the Proxmox cloud credential.

### Read-Only

- `created_by` (String) The creator of the Proxmox cloud credential.
- `id` (String) The ID of the Proxmox cloud credential.
- `is_default` (Boolean) Indicates whether the Proxmox cloud credential is the default one.
- `last_modified` (String) Time and date of last modification.
- `last_modified_by` (String) The last user to have modified the Proxmox cloud credential.
- `organization_name` (String) The name of the organization which owns the Proxmox cloud credential.
