---
page_title: "taikun_cloud_credential Resource - terraform-provider-taikun"
subcategory: ""
description: |-   Taikun Cloud Credential
---

# taikun_cloud_credential (Resource)

Taikun Cloud Credential

~> **Role Requirement** To use the `taikun_cloud_credential` resource, you need a Manager or Partner account.

!> **Import Network (Openstack)** If you choose to import a network, the access profile's DNS will be ignored.

~> **Import Network (Openstack)** If you choose to import a network, a router between the public network and the internal network must
already exist. There should be internal access on the internal network, either from the router or directly.

-> **Organization ID** `organization_id` can be specified for the Partner role, it otherwise defaults to the user's organization.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "taikun_cloud_credential" "foo" {
  type = "openstack"
  name = "foo"

  user     = "user"
  password = "password"
  url      = "url"
  domain   = "domain"

  project_name        = "project_name"
  public_network_name = "public_network_name"
  region              = "region"

  availability_zone          = "availability_zone"
  volume_type_name           = "volume_type_name"
  imported_network_subnet_id = "imported_network_subnet_id"

  organization_id = "42"
  lock            = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the cloud credential.
- `type` (String) The type of the cloud credential.

### Optional

- `access_key_id` (String, Sensitive) The AWS access key ID. Required for AWS.
- `availability_zone` (String) The availability zone of the cloud credential. Optional for Openstack.
- `az_count` (Number) The number of availability zone expected for the region/location. Required for AWS, Azure and GCP. Defaults to `1`.
- `billing_account_id` (String) The ID of the GCP credential's billing account. Conflicts with: `import_project`.
- `client_id` (String, Sensitive) The Azure client ID. Required for Azure.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) The Azure client secret. Required for Azure.
- `config_file` (String) The path of the GCP credential's configuration file. Required for GCP.
- `continent` (String) The OpenStack continent (`Asia`, `Europe` or `America`).
- `domain` (String) The OpenStack domain. Required for Openstack.
- `folder_id` (String) The folder ID of the GCP credential. Conflicts with: `import_project`.
- `import_project` (Boolean) Whether to import a project or not Defaults to `false`. Conflicts with: `billing_account_id`, `folder_id`.
- `imported_network_subnet_id` (String) The OpenStack network subnet ID to import a network.
- `location` (String) The Azure location. Required for Azure.
- `lock` (Boolean) Indicates whether to lock the cloud credential. Defaults to `false`.
- `organization_id` (String) The ID of the organization which owns the cloud credential.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The OpenStack password. Required for Openstack.
- `project_name` (String) The OpenStack project name. Required for Openstack.
- `public_network_name` (String) The name of the public OpenStack network to use. Required for Openstack.
- `region` (String) The region of the cloud credential. Required for Openstack, AWS and GCP.
- `secret_access_key` (String, Sensitive) The AWS secret access key. Required for AWS.
- `subscription_id` (String) The Azure subscription ID. Required for Azure.
- `tenant_id` (String) The Azure tenant ID. Required for Azure.
- `url` (String) The OpenStack authentication URL. Required for Openstack.
- `user` (String) The OpenStack user. Required for Openstack.
- `volume_type_name` (String) The OpenStack type of volume.

### Read-Only

- `availability_zones` (Set of String) The given AWS/Azure/GCP availability zones for the region/location.
- `billing_account_name` (String) The name of the GCP credential's billing account.
- `created_by` (String) The creator of the cloud credential.
- `id` (String) The ID of the cloud credential.
- `is_default` (Boolean) Indicates whether the cloud credential is the default one.
- `last_modified` (String) Time and date of last modification.
- `last_modified_by` (String) The last user to have modified the cloud credential.
- `organization_name` (String) The name of the organization which owns the cloud credential.
- `project_id` (String) The OpenStack project ID. Required for Openstack.
- `zones` (Set of String) The given zones of the GCP credential.
