---
page_title: "taikun_cloud_credential_aws Resource - terraform-provider-taikun"
subcategory: ""
description: |-   Taikun AWS Cloud Credential
---

# taikun_cloud_credential_aws (Resource)

Taikun AWS Cloud Credential

~> **Role Requirement** To use the `taikun_cloud_credential_aws` resource, you need a Manager or Partner account.

-> **Organization ID** `organization_id` can be specified for the Partner role, it otherwise defaults to the user's organization.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "taikun_cloud_credential_aws" "foo" {
  name = "foo"

  access_key_id     = "access_key_id"
  secret_access_key = "secret_access_key"
  region            = "region"
  availability_zone = "availability_zone"

  organization_id = "42"
  lock            = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the AWS cloud credential.

### Optional

- `access_key_id` (String, Sensitive) The AWS access key ID.
- `az_count` (Number) The number of AWS availability zone expected for the region. Defaults to `1`.
- `lock` (Boolean) Indicates whether to lock the AWS cloud credential. Defaults to `false`.
- `organization_id` (String) The ID of the organization which owns the AWS cloud credential.
- `region` (String) The AWS region.
- `secret_access_key` (String, Sensitive) The AWS secret access key.

### Read-Only

- `availability_zones` (List of String) The given AWS availability zones for the region.
- `created_by` (String) The creator of the AWS cloud credential.
- `id` (String) The ID of the AWS cloud credential.
- `is_default` (Boolean) Indicates whether the AWS cloud credential is the default one.
- `last_modified` (String) Time and date of last modification.
- `last_modified_by` (String) The last user to have modified the AWS cloud credential.
- `organization_name` (String) The name of the organization which owns the AWS cloud credential.
