---
page_title: "taikun_cloud_credential_gcp Resource - terraform-provider-taikun"
subcategory: ""
description: |-   Taikun Google Cloud Platform Credential
---

# taikun_cloud_credential_gcp (Resource)

Taikun Google Cloud Platform Credential

~> **Role Requirement** To use the `taikun_cloud_credential_gcp` resource, you need a Manager or Partner account.

-> **Organization ID** `organization_id` can be specified for the Partner role, it otherwise defaults to the user's organization.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "taikun_cloud_credential_gcp" "foo" {
  name = "foo"

  config_file    = "./config.json"
  region         = "europe-north1"
  import_project = true

  organization_id = "42"
  lock            = false
}

data "taikun_images_gcp" "foo" {
  cloud_credential_id = taikun_cloud_credential_gcp.foo.id
  type                = "ubuntu"
  latest              = true
}

locals {
  images = [for image in data.taikun_images_gcp.foo.images : image.name] // GCP uses image names, not image ids.
}


resource "taikun_project" "foo" {
  name                = "mock-project"
  cloud_credential_id = taikun_cloud_credential_gcp.foo.id
  images              = local.images
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `config_file` (String) The path of the GCP credential's configuration file.
- `name` (String) The name of the GCP credential.
- `region` (String) The region of the GCP credential.

### Optional

- `az_count` (Number) The number of GCP availability zone expected for the region. Defaults to `1`.
- `billing_account_id` (String) The ID of the GCP credential's billing account. Conflicts with: `import_project`.
- `folder_id` (String) The folder ID of the GCP credential. Conflicts with: `import_project`.
- `import_project` (Boolean) Whether to import a project or not Defaults to `false`. Conflicts with: `billing_account_id`, `folder_id`.
- `lock` (Boolean) Indicates whether to lock the GCP cloud credential. Defaults to `false`.
- `organization_id` (String) The ID of the organization which owns the GCP credential.

### Read-Only

- `billing_account_name` (String) The name of the GCP credential's billing account.
- `id` (String) The ID of the GCP credential.
- `is_default` (Boolean) Indicates whether the GCP cloud credential is the default one.
- `organization_name` (String) The name of the organization which owns the GCP credential.
- `zones` (Set of String) The given zones of the GCP credential.
