---
page_title: "taikun_kubernetes_profile Resource - terraform-provider-taikun"
subcategory: ""
description: |-   Taikun Kubernetes Profile
---

# taikun_kubernetes_profile (Resource)

Taikun Kubernetes Profile

~> **Role Requirement** To use the `taikun_kubernetes_profile` resource, you need a Manager or Partner account.

-> **Organization ID** `organization_id` can be specified for the Partner role, it otherwise defaults to the user's organization.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "taikun_kubernetes_profile" "foo" {
  name = "foo"

  organization_id         = "42"
  load_balancing_solution = "Taikun"
  bastion_proxy           = true
  schedule_on_master      = false
  lock                    = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the Kubernetes profile.

### Optional

- `bastion_proxy` (Boolean) Whether to expose the Service on each Node's IP at a static port, the NodePort. You'll be able to contact the NodePort Service, from outside the cluster, by requesting `<NodeIP>:<NodePort>`. Defaults to `false`.
- `load_balancing_solution` (String) The load-balancing solution: `None`, `Octavia` or `Taikun`. `Octavia` and `Taikun` are only available for OpenStack cloud. Defaults to `Octavia`.
- `lock` (Boolean) Indicates whether to lock the Kubernetes profile. Defaults to `false`.
- `nvidia_gpu_operator` (Boolean) When enabled, the Kubernetes will have NVIDIA GPU support. Defaults to `false`.
- `organization_id` (String) The ID of the organization which owns the Kubernetes profile.
- `schedule_on_master` (Boolean) When enabled, the workload will also run on master nodes (not recommended). Defaults to `false`.
- `unique_cluster_name` (Boolean) If not enabled, the cluster name will be cluster.local. Defaults to `false`.
- `wasm` (Boolean) When enabled, the Kubernetes will have WASM support. Defaults to `false`.

### Read-Only

- `cni` (String) Container Network Interface (CNI) of the Kubernetes profile.
- `created_by` (String) The creator of the Kubernetes profile.
- `id` (String) The ID of the Kubernetes profile.
- `last_modified` (String) Time and date of last modification.
- `last_modified_by` (String) The last user to have modified the Kubernetes profile.
- `organization_name` (String) The name of the organization which owns the Kubernetes profile.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import taikun_kubernetes_profile.myprofile 42
```
