---
page_title: "taikun_repository Resource - terraform-provider-taikun"
subcategory: ""
description: |-   Public Repository for Taikun Applications Configuration.
---

# taikun_repository (Resource)

Public Repository for Taikun Applications Configuration.

~> **Role Requirement** To use the `taikun_repository` resource, you need a Manager or Partner account.

## Public repositories
When you use Terraform to create the public repository resource, the repository is searched in Taikun.
The public repository is then enabled or disabled to ensure the state you defined in the configuration.
When you delete this object from terraform, it is not disabled or in any way removed from Taikun.

## Private repositories
When you use Terraform to create a private repository, the repository is Imported into Taikun.
The private repository is then enabled or disabled to ensure the state you defined in the configuration.
When you delete this object from terraform, it is removed from Taikun.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Import and enable new private repository
resource "taikun_repository" "foo" {
  name              = "new-private-repo"
  organization_name = "Org01"
  url               = "https://example.org/Charts/"
  private           = true
  enabled           = true
}

// Enable public repository already present in Taikun
resource "taikun_repository" "bar" {
  name              = "argo"
  organization_name = "argoproj"
  private           = false
  enabled           = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the repository is enabled.
- `name` (String) The name of the repository.
- `organization_name` (String) The name specified as the 'organization' for this public repository. This is NOT CloudWorks organization.
- `private` (Boolean) Indicates whether the repository is private or public.

### Optional

- `organization_id` (String) The ID of the organization which owns the catalog. This is CloudWorks organization.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The registry password. (Can be set with env REGISTRY_PASSWORD)
- `url` (String) The URL of the repository.
- `username` (String, Sensitive) The registry username. (Can be set with env REGISTRY_USERNAME) Defaults to ` `.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the repository.
- `id_apprepo` (String) The ID of the application repository.
