---
page_title: "taikun_showback_rule Resource - terraform-provider-taikun"
subcategory: ""
description: |-   Taikun Showback Rule
---

# taikun_showback_rule (Resource)

Taikun Showback Rule

~> **Role Requirement** To use the `taikun_showback_rule` resource, you need a Manager or Partner account.

-> **Organization ID** `organization_id` can be specified for the Partner role, it otherwise defaults to the user's organization.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "taikun_showback_rule" "foo" {
  name        = "foo"
  price       = 1000
  metric_name = "my_metric_name"
  type        = "Sum"
  kind        = "General"

  label {
    key   = "key"
    value = "value"
  }
  project_alert_limit    = 42
  global_alert_limit     = 42
  organization_id        = 42
  showback_credential_id = 42
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `kind` (String) The kind of showback rule: `General` (data source is Taikun) or `External` (data source is external, see `showback_credential_id`).
- `metric_name` (String) The metric name.
- `name` (String) The name of the showback rule.
- `price` (Number) Billing in CZK per selected unit.
- `type` (String) The type of showback rule: `Count` (calculate package as unit) or `Sum` (calculate per quantity).

### Optional

- `global_alert_limit` (Number) Set limit of alerts for all projects. Defaults to `0`.
- `label` (Block Set) Labels linked to this showback rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--label))
- `organization_id` (String) The ID of the organization which owns the showback rule.
- `project_alert_limit` (Number) Set limit of alerts for one project. Defaults to `0`.
- `showback_credential_id` (String) Id of the showback rule.

### Read-Only

- `created_by` (String) The creator of the showback rule.
- `id` (String) The ID of the showback rule.
- `last_modified` (String) Time of last modification.
- `last_modified_by` (String) The last user who modified the showback rule.
- `organization_name` (String) The name of the organization which owns the showback rule.
- `showback_credential_name` (String) Name of the showback rule.

<a id="nestedblock--label"></a>
### Nested Schema for `label`

Required:

- `key` (String) Key of the label.
- `value` (String) Value of the label.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import taikun_showback_rule.myrule 42
```
