---
page_title: "taikun_user Resource - terraform-provider-taikun"
subcategory: ""
description: |-   Taikun User
---

# taikun_user (Resource)

Taikun User

~> **Role Requirement** In order to use the `taikun_user` resource you need a `Manager` or `Partner` account.

-> **Organization ID** `organization_id` can be specified for the Partner role, it otherwise defaults to the user's organization.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "taikun_user" "foo" {
  user_name = "foo"
  email     = "email@domain.fr"
  role      = "User"

  display_name        = "Foo"
  organization_id     = "42" # Optional for Partner and Admin
  user_disabled       = true
  approved_by_partner = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **email** (String) The email of the user.
- **role** (String) The role of the user.
- **user_name** (String) The name of the user.

### Optional

- **approved_by_partner** (Boolean) Indicates whether the user account has been approved by a partner. If it hasn't, the user won't be able to login. Defaults to `true`.
- **display_name** (String) The user's display name. Defaults to ` `.
- **organization_id** (String) The ID of the user's organization.
- **user_disabled** (Boolean) Indicates whether the user is locked or not. Defaults to `false`.

### Read-Only

- **email_confirmed** (Boolean) Indicates whether the email of the user has been confirmed or not.
- **email_notification_enabled** (Boolean) Indicates whether the user has enabled notifications on their email or not.
- **id** (String) The UUID of the user.
- **is_csm** (Boolean) Indicates whether the user is a Customer Success Manager or not.
- **is_owner** (Boolean) Indicates whether the user is the Owner of their organization.
- **organization_name** (String) The name of the user's organization.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import taikun_user.myuser 00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000
```
